Essentially anyone can publish a module on terraform. To do so, your module must follow the following requirements:
- **GitHub.** The module must be on GitHub (*and only github!*) and must be a public repo. This is only a requirement for the [public registry](https://registry.terraform.io/). If you're using a private registry, you may ignore this requirement
- **Named** `terraform-<PROVIDER>-<NAME>`**.** Module repositories must use this three-part name format, where `<NAME>` reflects the type of infrastructure the module manages and `<PROVIDER>` is the main provider where it creates that infrastructure. The `<NAME>` segment can contain additional hyphens. Examples: `terraform-google-vault` or `terraform-aws-ec2-instance`.
- **Repository description.** The GitHub repository description is used to populate the short description of the module. This should be a simple one-sentence description of the module.
- **Standard module structure.** The module must adhere to the [standard module structure](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/modules/develop#standard-module-structure). This allows the registry to inspect your module and generate documentation, track resource usage, parse submodules and examples, and more.
- `x.y.z` **tags for releases.** The registry uses tags to identify module versions. Release tag names must be a [semantic version](http://semver.org/), which can optionally be prefixed with a `v`. For example, `v1.0.4` and `0.9.2`. To publish a module initially, at least one release tag must be present. Tags that don't look like version numbers are ignored.

Each of these published modules will also have basic documentation for the modules data sources, resources and functions generated by the `tfplugindocs` command. 